We already have an ESLint config for
this project, it's here, eslintrc.json.
And it's kinda long, right?
This is almost 40 lines of configuration,
but it's a very bare bones set of ESLint.
It's very much just like, make sure that
all the plugins work, make sure that I'm
following some basic React rules, and
I'm not doing basic JavaScript errors.
That's essentially what
this ESLint config does.
There's a project called
ESLint TypeScript,
which will actually use types for
your ESLint checking so
you can actually get an additional
level of better linting.
There used to be a project called TSLint.
But TSLint just migrated all
that stuff to ESLint TypeScript.
So now there's one stack,
which is ESLint and
TypeScript together to check your project,
which is great.
So I need you all to go install npm, i -D.
And I would recommend that you just
copy this cuz it's kind of long.
eslint-import-resolver-typescript, that's
one of them, @3.5.1
@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin@5.40.1
and @typescript-eslint/parser@,
the same, 5.40.1.
Okay, let those run for a second.
Again, that is just in my notes, so
you can just copy and paste that directly.
This is going to give ESLint the ability
to resolve TS files, that's good.
It's going to give us the core project of
using TypeScript inside of your ESLint,
that's good.
And then the parser, we needed some
additional parsing logic because ESLint
by itself cannot understand the colons and
the types and things like that.
So we needed another parser,
which is what that parser is for.
In your package.json here, the one
thing you need to change here is for
your format and for your lint.
Just make sure you add ts and
tsx here so that you're typing
your TypeScript and your TSX files for
both format and lint.
You want preview to do it too.
Pretty already does TypeScript out
of the box, no changes necessary.
Okay, and then come back here to your,
and now my tsconfig is happy,
I don't know what happened.
But suddenly, I think mercury was in
retrograde and now it's come around, and
now my Aquarius is aligned with Saturn,
it's fine.
So now, TypeScript is happy.
That was a joke,
if anyone thinks that I'm serious.
[LAUGH] Okay, maybe I'm not,
eslintrc.json.
Here, just add another extends here,
we need
a plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended.
I don't know why I always do this, I sort
them based on length of the string, but
I don't know why this like some
ASMR effect here that this makes
me happy that it's
a nice little staircase.
If I put it there, I hope all of you
would be upset, and it's like, no,
Brian, change it.
Okay, sorry,
I've been teaching towards this class,
I'm starting to get delirious,
and it's fine.
Okay, so
we're gonna add in here a rule under,
this is just one that
I don't wanna go fix.
We're gonna just gonna turn it off,
typeScript-eslint.
I have some empty functions in here,
so we're just gonna turn that off,
no-empty-function.
Typically, I wouldn't turn that off,
but in this particular project,
we don't need it, so that's fine.
Okay, here in plugins,
we're gonna add @typescript-eslint,
like that.
That's good.
We're gonna replace the parser,
Do we have a parser?
No, I don't think,
we just need to add one.
Okay, parser, and we're gonna put inside
of that @typescript-eslint/parser.
Again, this is gonna allow our ESLint
to actually be able to read TypeScript,
which is good.
parserOptions, we need to
add a project in here,
you have to point ESLint TypeScript
to your TS config file.
So you can just say, ./ts.config.json.
Otherwise, it doesn't know how
to render TypeScript correctly.
You'd wish that we just look for
tsconfig automatically,
it's always called that, but not the case.
Settings, okay, we have react,
detect, that's good.
The import/parsers, so import/, parsers.
This is gonna be @typescript
if you tell which files to
use the eslint-parser for, I guess.
This was a lot of guessing and
checking if we're being super honest.
This took me a while to figure out
how to get this exactly to work.
.ts, Yeah, and
you have to use double quotes,
".ts" and ".tsx".
And then import/resolver,
you wanna get rid of the node stuff.
So delete that, and
you're gonna put "typescript",
and you're gonna do
"alwaysTryTypes" to be true.
Okay, This was a lot to get, and
it's like the level of
nesting is important here.
So, I'm not going to fault you if
you just pop over to the project and
grab the completed eslintrc.json.
Not really a ton to learn here,
setting up ESLint is, again,
worrying if Mercury's in retrograde or
not.
Okay, so now we have this.
I think, hopefully,
we should be able to run npm run lint.
And cool, we are not getting
anything out of the MIT,
which is I think what we are expecting,
which is good
Yeah, so actually,
in my notes here at the bottom,
I have it completed just to show
you down here at the bottom.
If you just wanna copy and paste this,
you will get no fault from me.
This is the entire thing.
We are gonna add one more here.
I'll tell you right now,
what I have up here, perfectly acceptable.
If you wanna run with this, this is great.
You can get a little bit more aggressive
with your linting if you want to, and
we're going to since this was
not that much lift for us.
But if you're on a big project,
this could be a big lift for you.
typescript-eslint/recommended-requiring-t-
ype-checking.
This is basically gonna say,
everything has to be type checked,
we are not going to allow you to
do anything that isn't run through
the TypeScript parser or
the TypeScript project.
So again,
this is gonna be a bit more aggressive.
My suggest is maybe start or
add this one maybe at the end once you've
finished your TypeScript migration,
and then it's gonna enforce
that people continue to keep
your TypeScripts up to date.
All right, so let's see how that does now.
You can see here, it adds a ton of errors
because now it's enforcing all of our
JavaScript to say, hey, this is untyped,
you have a lot of any types in here.
So this gets pretty
aggressive pretty quickly.